feat: Allow `Choice`'s `OptionList` to be a mapping of values → pretty labels (#395)
wayfair-incubator/columbo: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Added `Options` which supports `Mapping[str, str]` for `Choice` options. This allows users to control
>     how `Choice` options are displayed ([#389](https://github.com/wayfair-incubator/columbo/pull/389))
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ability for `Choice` to display to a custom message instead of the value being selected. This includes a new type alias (`Options`) which supports both the `Mapping[str, str]` and `List[str]` forms. ([#389](https://github.com/wayfair-incubator/columbo/pull/389))
```

I feel that this phrasing focuses on the new capability instead of the type alias.
